 If it is a Hindu who writes, then he asks me, How is it possible for me to love a Mussalman who kills the cow, which is dear to me as my life? Or if it is a Christian who writes to me, he asks, How is it possible to love Hindus who so ill treat those whom they call untouchables, Hindus who have suppressed a fifth of their own numbers? And if it is a Mussalman who writes, he asks, How is it possible to extend the hand of brotherhood or fellowship to Hindus who are worshippers of stock and stone? I say to all these three: Your brotherhood is of no value to me if you cannot love the respective parties that you have described. But what does the attitude signify after all? Does it not signify cowardly fear or intolerance? If all of us are Gods creation, why should we fear one another or hate those who do not hold the same belief that we do? A Hindu will ask me, is he to sit or look on, while a Mussalman is doing something which is most repugnant to him? My brotherhood replies, Yes. And I add You must sacrifice yourself, or in the language you have just listened to, you must bear the cross. If you want to defend one who is dear to you, you must die without killing. I have personal experience of such occurrences. If you have the courage to suffer lovingly, you melt the stoniest heart. You may raise your hand against one whom you regard as a ruffian, but how if he overpowers you? Will not the ruffian be more ferocious because of his victory over you? Does not history show that evil feeds on resistance? History also furnishes instances of men having tamed the fiercest men with their all embracing love. But I admit that such non resistance requires far greater courage than that of a soldier who returns two blows against one. I also admit that if a man has anger instead of love in him for the evil doer, it is better for him to fight clean rather than, in a cowardly manner, to sit still for fear of dying. Cowardice and brotherhood are contradictory terms. I know that the world does not accept the fundamental position that I have endeavoured to place before you. I know that in Christian Europe, this doctrine of non retaliation is pooh poohed. At the present moment, I am privileged to receive precious letters from friends all over Europe and America, some of them asking me to still further expound the doctrine of non resistance. Some others are laughing at me and telling me: It is all right for you to talk these things in India, but you dare not do so in Europe. Yet others tell me: Our Christianity is a whitewash, we do not understand the message of Jesus, it has got to be still delivered to us, so that we can understand it. All these three