 Those who have in principle approved of the appeal made by Vallabhbhai and Kakasaheb should remember the following Latin proverb: He who gives in time gives twice. We have the following parallel saying: There is a great deal of merit in giving immediately. We experience every day the truth of the point underlying this saying. If a doctor or a vaid does not give timely medical help the patient will suffer and there are even cases in which the latter dies. We see every day that if anyone who is bitten by a snake is immediately given medical aid, he can be saved; if not, he dies. Although it is our dharma to feed a hungry person, he who does not do so immediately is guilty of violence towards the hungry individual. This should be regarded as holding good for all acts of philanthropy. There is no generosity in giving alms indiscriminately to anyone who begs. This may imply thoughtlessness, foolishness, or even pride. However, despite knowingthat the person who begs is a worthy individual and the cause for which he begs is a deserving one, anyone who contributes his share only after the former has approached him wastes public time and forfeits his own prestige, and thereby misuses the worthiest persons belonging to the institution. Considering the Vidyapiths appeal in this light is a form of education for the people. This appeal is not addressed to people who do not approve of the Vidyapith. Its object is to point out their dharma to those who entertain no doubts regarding its usefulness or the service it has rendered and its object is also to encourage and draw those who are neutral towards it but may contribute if they come to realize its value. At this time of public awakening, no one should, as far as possible, stay neutral. Those who do not stand by their country in its hour of need also help the cause of the enemy. It is the dharma of every individual to make his choice. The Vidyapith is an institution for non co operation, that is, one which serves in this time of distress. Its additional advantage is that its usefulness will always endure. However, it was born in the hour of the struggle in order to assist in it. Hence it is my expectation that those who have not arrived at the conclusion that the Vidyapith is a harmful or a useless institution should come to know what it stands for, what its achievements are and what it can achieve in future. It is the dharma of such people to send in their contributions after they have known of and have been convinced about it. Contributions may be sent to the following addresses; Sheth Jamnalal Bajaj, Treasurer, 395 397, Kalbadevi Road, Bombay 2; Gujarat Vidyapith, Ahmedabad; Provincial Committee,